[MNT] library global object rename (#508)
executablebooks/thebe: docs/index.rst

To get started, check out :doc:`start`.

> .. DANGER::
> 
>   References to `thebelab` will be removed in version 0.9.0.
> 
>   As part of the library migration to an executable books project (`#230 <https://github.com/executablebooks/thebe/issues/230>`_), `thebe` has been added as an alias for `thebelab` and all css classes beginning with `thebelab-` duplicated as `thebe-`. The `thebelab` global object, exposed functions and user code reliant on css classes `thebelab-*`, will continue to work and any DOM elements created during operation will be decorated with `thebelab-` classes as expected, until removed in version 0.9.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. admonition:: References to `thebelab` will be removed in version 0.9.0
   :class: warning
   
  As part of the library migration to an executable books project (`#230 <https://github.com/executablebooks/thebe/issues/230>`_), `thebe` has been added as an alias for `thebelab` and all css classes beginning with `thebelab-` duplicated as `thebe-`. The `thebelab` global object, exposed functions and user code reliant on css classes `thebelab-*`, will continue to work and any DOM elements created during operation will be decorated with `thebelab-` classes as expected, until removed in version 0.9.0.
```

I think this would make it stand out a bit more.

Author: making the change locally
